Improve Manifest Cleanup documentation #704 (#705)
DNNCommunity/DNNDocs: content/tutorials/extensions/dnn-manifest-schema/index.md

*   [`Cleanup`](https://www.dnnsoftware.com/wiki/cleanup-component). List of files that must be deleted during installation or upgrade of the package.

    - You can list the files individually in the manifest.

> 	- You can also remove folders. These have to be empty, so you need to remove the files first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can also remove folders. These have to be empty, so you need to remove the files first.
```

Author: Ok sounds good

                <file />
                ...
            </files>

> 			<folder>
> 					<path>DesktopModules/MyModule/DeleteFolder</path>
> 			</folder>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <folder>
                        <path>DesktopModules/MyModule/DeleteFolder</path>
            </folder>
```

    Notes:
    * You can specify more than one globbing pattern on the same line by separating each pattern with `;`
    * More information on supported globbing patterns can be found at the [Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.filesystemglobbing.matcher?view=dotnet-plat-ext-3.1#remarks)

>     * Globbing patterns can only be used to match files and folders inside a folder. not the folder itself.(if you need to delete a directory, first it needs to be empty, then you need to use one of the above methods to delete the actual directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Globbing patterns can only be used to match files and folders within the extension folder (not the extension folder itself - if you need to delete a directory, first it needs to be empty, then you need to use one of the above methods to delete the actual directory).
```

Reviewer 2: @david-poindexter actually it does not have to be in the extension folder itself. A glob could be made in a module manifest to delete skin files for instance...

Author: Looks good to me :-)

Author: > @david-poindexter actually it does not have to be in the extension folder itself. A glob could be made in a module manifest to delete skin files for instance...
Right I think so too.

Author: @david-poindexter I do agree the restructuring of the sentence is better :-)

>     * Globbing patterns can only be used to match files and folders inside a folder (not the folder itself). If you need to delete a directory, first it needs to be empty, then you need to use one of the above methods to delete the actual directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Globbing patterns can only be used to match files, not directories (if you need to delete a directory, first it needs to be empty, then you need to use one of the above methods to delete the actual directory).
```
